:books: Improve TOC in Troubleshooting section (#6019)
uxbox/uxbox: docs/technical-guide/getting-started/kubernetes.md

release is created. Consider a MySQL chart. If you want two databases running in your
cluster, you can install that chart twice. Each one will have its own release, which will
in turn have its own release name.

With these concepts in mind, we can now explain Helm like this:

> Helm installs charts into Kubernetes clusters, creating a new release for each
> installation. To find new charts, you can search Helm chart repositories.

## Install Helm

<p class="advice">
Skip this section if you already have Helm installed in your system.
</p>

You can install Helm by following the <a href="https://helm.sh/docs/intro/install/" target="_blank">official guide</a>.
There are different ways to install Helm, depending on your infrastructure and operating
system.

## Add Penpot repository

To add the Penpot Helm repository, run the following command:

```bash
helm repo add penpot http://helm.penpot.app
```

This will add the Penpot repository to your Helm configuration, so you can install all
the Penpot charts stored there.

## Install Penpot Chart

To install the chart with the release name `my-release`:

```bash
helm install my-release penpot/penpot
```

> You can customize the installation specify each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can customize the installation by specifying each parameter using the `--set key=value[,key=value]`
```
